1. My flatmate isn't always available, so sometimes I have to just make decisions of my own for now even when it comes to design related stuff, because i can't lose too much time and sometimes it's not even that relevant anyway or i can change it later easily.
2. Decisions on what to put on GitHub, trello, google drive or local can get a bit a handful.
3. Wordpress and GitHub are surprisingly less than compatible. You can force it, yes, but it's quite a bit of work that otherwise isnt needed. Why Wordpress creates protected folders and files everywhere and why GitHub can't cope with it efficiently is beyond me, but I could fix it with Mirko's help eventually and it all works better than ever before.
4. Installing Wordpress only works if I use an old docker-compose.yml file, which can be corrupt if you mess sth up like I seemingly did. We get that file from trainers here for this purpose, but I'm not sure if I could pull this off at home without that help, even if I did google like crazy.
5. If localhost:8080 doesnt work (see README.md) try 127.0.0.1 (common problem with firefox). To install, you first have to use this link: http://127.0.0.1/wp-admin/install.php, once you've done that and just want to open the editing page, try this: http://127.0.0.1/wp-login.php and log in.
6. Finding the right themes and plugins is a big part of the whole task, also finding out how to make them work and so on.
7. The most frustrating part is when some plugins or even themes don't interact well with eachother and then you either have to work around it or replace them. Well, that and when you only notice too late that a function of a plugin is hidden behind a paywall and the entire thing is just bloated crippleware.
8. As mentionned in the first point, my flatmate isn't around much and when I can't consult her at all, I'll have to make decisions of my own that I don't necessarily want to do. Sure, I'm faster since I don't have to ask anyone else, but now I'm also responsible for all the content which will take a lot of time and since I can't do it right anyway, I will have to make pseudo-content and make remarks in Trello for later use. But all this also caused me to have to rethink various things and all in all cost me half a day and created multiple days' worth of work, while only reducing it a little if we could've cooperated perfectly. Obviously, if she was still only around so sporadically as in the beginning but wished to be kept in the loop about every little detail, then the whole thing could've also been delayed so much that I couldn't have ever finished this on time, so there're upsides and downsides.